reference-manual: How to change wireguard address (#282)
foundriesio/docs: source/reference-manual/remote-access/wireguard.rst

  $ fioctl devices config wireguard <device> disable

Changing wireguard server address
---------------------------------

> It is sometimes necessary to change the WireGuard server address. For example,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is sometimes necessary to change the WireGuard server's private VPN address. For example,
```

Reviewer: @mwasilew - i just have this one last suggestion. This was the thing that confused me the first time I glanced at it. I thought you were just describing how to change its external IP

Reviewer: I think you are right and it might now work. I think we can skip that low level stuff and just try and address my larger point. A WireGuard server has two addresses: The external/public/routeable address and the internal/vpn address. Saying "server address" is ambiguous.

Author: OK

  $ fioctl devices config wireguard <device> disable

Changing wireguard server address
---------------------------------

> It is sometimes necessary to change the wireguard server address. For example,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is sometimes necessary to change the WireGuard server address. For example,
```

> when initial setup is done using developer's laptop, default factory-wireguard.py

Reviewer: ```suggestion
when the initial setup is done using a developer's laptop, default factory-wireguard.py
```

> settings can be used. When later on it's required for more developers to have

Reviewer: ```suggestion
settings are probably used. Later on, when it's required for more developers to have
```

> remote access to the devices, wireguard server should be moved (for example to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
remote access to the devices, the server should be moved (for example to
```

a cloud hosted VM). When such move happens it might be necessary to change

> wireguard's address (default might already be in use). This is easy on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WireGuard's address (default might already be in use). This is easy on the
```

server side as it's just a command line parameter::

   $ sudo ./factory-wireguard.py \
       --apitoken <api token> \  # https://app.foundries.io/settings/tokens
       --factory <factory> \
       --privatekey /root/wgpriv.key \ # where to store generated private key
       enable
       --vpnaddr 10.42.44.1

> It's a bit more complicated on the device side. Once wireguard configuration is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's a bit more complicated on the device side. Once the WireGuard configuration is
```

initiated, it's not changed when server endpoint moves. This needs to be done
manually by updating device settings. The settings are stored in
``wireguard-client`` file. Example *old settings*::

  address=10.42.42.2
  pubkey=abcdefghijk123456789

The public key corresponds to a private key that is already stored on the device.
This part should not be changed. It is important to keep this configuration file
unencrypted. After the change the file should look like this::

  address=10.42.44.2
  pubkey=abcdefghijk123456789

This change can be done using ``fioct devices config set`` command. More details

> can be found in :ref:`fioctl` section. Currently the only way to update the unencrypted
> settings file is with --raw option::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can be found in :ref:`fioctl` section. This can be done with::
```
